Support opentelemetry (#131)
membraneframework/membrane_rtc_engine: guides/opentelemetry.md

# OpenTelemetry

RTC Engine uses [`membrane_opentelemetry`](https://github.com/membraneframework/membrane_opentelemetry) to generate OpenTelemetry traces and spans.
You can enable traces in your `config.exs`:
```elixir
config :membrane_opentelemetry, enabled: true
```

> in `config/config.exs` end put `:opentelemetry` config in `config/runtime.exs`, for example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides this you need to put `:opentelemetry` config in `config/runtime.exs`, for example
```
